feat: Shadow simulator compatibility behind shadow-integration feature (#420)
lambdaclass/ethlambda: shadow/README.md

# Shadow simulator integration

Build support for running ethlambda under the [Shadow] network simulator,
used by the [lean-shadow-fuzzer]. Everything here is **opt-in**: a normal
`cargo build` / `make docker-build` is completely unaffected, and the committed
`Cargo.toml` / `Cargo.lock` are identical to a Shadow-free checkout.

## Why Shadow needs special handling

Shadow runs the real binary but emulates time, threads, and the network. Three
things in a stock ethlambda build need to change for Shadow:

| Area | Stock build | Under Shadow | Why |
|------|-------------|--------------|-----|

> | Allocator | jemalloc with `unprefixed_malloc` (interposes the global C `malloc`) | system allocator (drop jemalloc) | **Correctness.** Self-deadlocks at startup ([shadow#3763]): Shadow's shim `fopen`s `/proc/self/maps` on its first intercepted syscall, calling `malloc`, which re-enters jemalloc mid-init while it holds its non-recursive init lock. |

Author: ```suggestion
| Allocator | jemalloc with `unprefixed_malloc` (interposes the global C `malloc`) | system allocator (drop jemalloc) | Self-deadlocks at startup ([shadow#3763]) |
```

| QUIC UDP I/O | `quinn-udp` uses GSO/GRO batch syscalls (`sendmmsg`, segmentation offload) | fall back to `send_to`/`recv_from` | **Correctness.** Shadow's UDP emulation doesn't support those batch syscalls. |

> | Tokio runtime | multi-threaded | `current_thread` | **Optimization only.** Shadow single-steps execution, so worker threads add only scheduling noise, never parallelism. |

Author: ```suggestion
| QUIC UDP I/O | `quinn-udp` uses GSO/GRO batch syscalls (`sendmmsg`, segmentation offload) | fall back to `send_to`/`recv_from` | Shadow's UDP emulation doesn't support those batch syscalls. |
| Tokio runtime | multi-threaded | `current_thread` | Shadow single-steps execution, so worker threads add only scheduling noise. |
```
